# Contributor License Agreement (CLA)

Effective as of the Effective Date, Contributor and Entropy Cryptography, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Company”), enter into this Contributor Agreement (the “Agreement”) and agree as follows:

To clarify the intellectual property license granted with respect to Contributions from any person or entity, the Company must have on file a signed Contributor Agreement from each Contributor, indicating agreement with the license terms below. This agreement is for Your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of the Company and its users. It does not change Your rights to use Your own Contributions for any other purpose. 

1. Definitions.

“You” or “Your” means the owner of the Contribution and any person authorized by such owner that is making this Agreement with the Company (such as an employee or contractor). 

“Contribution” means any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to the Company for inclusion in any of the products (and related documentation) owned or managed by the Company (the “Work”), whether submitted prior to or following the Effective Date. For the purposes of this definition, “submitted” means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Company or its representatives, including via e-mail, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Company for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding any communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as “Not a Contribution.”

2. Grant of Copyright License.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, You hereby grant to the Company and to recipients of software and documentation distributed by the Company a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works based on, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works on any licensing terms.

3. Grant of Patent License.

Subject to the terms this Agreement, You hereby grant to the Company and to recipients of software and documentation distributed by the Company a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this Section 3) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Contribution, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution alone or by combination of Your Contribution with the Work to which such Contribution relates. If any person or entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other person or entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that Your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work will terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. You hereby represent and warrant that:

    1. You have the authority to enter into this Agreement.
    2. You have all appropriate rights, powers, and authority, and are legally entitled, to grant the above licenses. 
    3. You are the sole and exclusive owner of all rights to Your Contributions, or (i) if You are entering into this Agreement in your individual capacity (and not on behalf of Your employer) and Your employer has intellectual property rights in    1. Your Contribution, (A) You have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of Your employer, (B) Your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to the Company, or (C) Your employer has executed a separate Contribution Agreement with the Company; or (ii) if Your Contribution incorporates third-party intellectual property, Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.
    4. Your Contribution and any accompanying materials submitted by You do not violate, misappropriate, or infringe any copyright, trademark or other proprietary right of any other person or entity. 
    5. As applicable, each person designated on Schedule A below (or in a subsequent written modification to that Schedule) is authorized to submit Contributions on Your behalf. It is Your responsibility to notify the Company when any change is required to (i) the list of persons authorized to submit Contributions on Your behalf, and (b) the point of contact with the Company.

5. You agree to notify the Company of any facts or circumstances of which You become aware that would make the above representations and warranties inaccurate in any respect.

6. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING (INCLUDING AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT), YOU PROVIDE YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Limitation of Liability.

    IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE TO CONTRIBUTOR OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF BUSINESS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE COMPANY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

8. Miscellaneous.

      1. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the United States of America and by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles that require the application of the law of a different jurisdiction. The parties may commence an action, suit, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement only in, and hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of, the Delaware Court of Chancery or the Delaware Superior Court’s Complex Commercial Litigation Division (as applicable), or the Federal courts, in each case, located in New Castle County, Delaware.
      2. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous discussions, understandings, and agreements, whether oral or written, between them relating to the subject matter hereof.
      3. Amendments and Waivers. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the parties to this Agreement. No delay or failure to require performance of any provision of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of that provision as to that or any other instance.
      4. Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder, will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. The Company may assign any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement. No other party to this Agreement may assign, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, except with the prior written consent of the Company.
      5. Notices. Any notice, demand, or request required or permitted to be given under this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or by overnight courier or sent by email, or 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s address as set forth on the signature page, as subsequently modified by written notice, or if no address is specified on the signature page, at the most recent address set forth in the Company’s books and records.
      6. Severability. If a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of this Agreement to be unenforceable, then that provision is to be construed either by modifying it to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable (if permitted by law) or disregarding it (if not). If an unenforceable provision is modified or disregarded in accordance with this Section, all other provisions of this Agreement are to remain in effect as written, except that this entire Agreement will be unenforceable if modifying or disregarding the unenforceable provision affects the economic and legal substance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in a manner materially adverse to either party.
      7. Construction. The parties acknowledge that the provisions of this Agreement are the language the parties chose to express their mutual intent and hereby waive any remedy and the applicability of any law that would require interpretation of any claimed ambiguity, omission, or conflict in this Agreement against the party that drafted.
      8. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which is hereby deemed an original, but all of which together constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via email or other transmission method (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with applicable law) and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed valid and effective for all purposes.
      9. Electronic Delivery. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to this Agreement or any notices required by applicable law by email or any other electronic means. Contributor hereby consents to (i) conduct business electronically, (ii) receive such documents and notices by such electronic delivery, and (iii) sign documents electronically and agrees to participate through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.
